README.md, before:

# rpi-os-demo
Demo OS images with Forklift integration layered over Raspberry Pi OS

## Usage

The entrypoint for the OS setup process is [`setup.sh`](./setup.sh). To add more steps to the OS
setup process, add those steps to that file. You can refer to the [`tools` step](./tools/install.sh)
for an example of installing packages with APT. You can refer to the
[`forklift` step](./forklift/install.sh) for an example of copying files from this repo into the OS
image.

## Licensing

We have chosen the following licenses in order to give away our work for free, so that you can
freely use it for whatever purposes you have, with minimal restrictions, while still protecting our
disclaimer that this work is provided without any warranties at all. If you're using this project,
or if you have questions about the licenses, we'd love to hear from you - please start a new
discussion thread in the "Discussions" tab of this repository on Github or email us at
<lietk12@gmail.com> .

### Software

Except where otherwise indicated, source code provided here is covered by the following information:

**Copyright Ethan Li and Forklift project contributors**

SPDX-License-Identifier: `Apache-2.0 OR BlueOak-1.0.0`

Software files in this repository are released under the
[Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) and the
[Blue Oak Model License 1.0.0](https://blueoakcouncil.org/license/1.0.0);
you can use the source code provided here either under the Apache License or under the
Blue Oak Model License, and you get to decide which license you will agree to.
We are making the software available under the Apache license because it's
[OSI-approved](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2019/05/05/Rely-on-OSI.html),
but we like the Blue Oak Model License more because it's easier to read and understand.
Please read and understand the licenses for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations.

Commit message:

Add more info about software licensing in `README.md`

README.md, after:

# rpi-os-demo
Demo OS images with Forklift integration layered over Raspberry Pi OS

## Usage

The entrypoint for the OS setup process is [`setup.sh`](./setup.sh). To add more steps to the OS
setup process, add those steps to that file. You can refer to the [`tools` step](./tools/install.sh)
for an example of installing packages with APT. You can refer to the
[`forklift` step](./forklift/install.sh) for an example of copying files from this repo into the OS
image.

## Licensing

We have chosen the following licenses in order to give away our work for free, so that you can
freely use it for whatever purposes you have, with minimal restrictions, while still protecting our
disclaimer that this work is provided without any warranties at all. If you're using this project,
or if you have questions about the licenses, we'd love to hear from you - please start a new
discussion thread in the "Discussions" tab of this repository on Github or email us at
<lietk12@gmail.com> .

Except where otherwise indicated, source code provided here is covered by the following information:

**Copyright Ethan Li and Forklift project contributors**

SPDX-License-Identifier: `Apache-2.0 OR BlueOak-1.0.0`

Software files in this repository are released under the
[Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) and the
[Blue Oak Model License 1.0.0](https://blueoakcouncil.org/license/1.0.0);
you can use the source code provided here either under the Apache License or under the
Blue Oak Model License, and you get to decide which license you will agree to.
We are making the software available under the Apache license because it's
[OSI-approved](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2019/05/05/Rely-on-OSI.html),
but we like the Blue Oak Model License more because it's easier to read and understand.
Please read and understand the licenses for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations.

### Origins

The [github.com/forklift/rpi-os-demo](https://github.com/forklift/rpi-os-demo) repository was
created by Ethan Li as a copy of a subset of original contributions they had
donated to [github.com/PlanktoScope/PlanktoScope](https://github.com/PlanktoScope/PlanktoScope). The
PlanktoScope repository's source code is licensed under
[GPL 3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html). Because Ethan has retained copyright
ownership over their own individual contributions to that project (instead of assigning copyright to
the PlanktoScope project via a Contributor License Agreement or any other legal contract), Ethan has
exercised their legal right to make their own contributions available under additional licenses by
gathering their own contributions into the rpi-os-demo repository under the Apache 2.0 License and
the Blue Oak Model License (SPDX-License-Identifier: `Apache-2.0 OR BlueOak-1.0.0`).
